Footer
Company
About
Careers
Press kit
Help
Terms & Privacy

Discover
Stay Wherever
Curated Listings
Transparent Pricing
Cashless Transactions
Locally Relevant
Verified Guests

App Features
    Seek
    Select
    One Click Pay
    Hands-Free Open Sesame
    Record
    Share

Integrations & Partnerships Page
Be a host
List your hyperlocal service
List your Experience 

Download the app
<Logo>
<Play store link>
<App store link>

Text for each link from footer
Within COMPANY Page

ABOUT

Welcome to Stayology: The new sociology for the glo-cal sharing economy. 

Stayology is a new way to explore and experience the world. Stayology is a new way to stay without strings, to experience without the hassle, to pay without the cash, to go local yet get quality, to wander and seek out experiences at the click of a button instantly. We are a curated and verified marketplace for accommodation, services, & experience providers, powered by one app globally.

We genuinely believe we can curate the world’s local experiences, and make them more accessible to people in an honest manner. Our goal is to allow people to explore alternative places to stay, book instantly as per their budget and experience more by going truly local.

We will do this in 3 ways:
Bring accommodations and services inventory onto one platform so that needs and wants of our community are met
Verify each user or provider so that there is a honest ecosystem of trust and transparency
Ensure that our technology is simple enough to be used across all spheres of the Stayology experience – from micro-payments to opening doors

The Team

Stayology is founded and run by a team of domain experts in travel & hospitality, marketing & branding, technology and organization building. 

Careers

Want to quit your stable job and join a bunch of madmen about to change the way we stay and experience the local? Want to quit your existing mythical stock option plan and join an honest company? 

As a company with a  global reach from inception, we are always looking for people with the right attitude to come on board and help us curate the world - one experience at a time. 

We are currently looking for two specific types of skill sets but one attitude:

“Experience Team Members” for experience management in India, Dubai, Singapore and London – people who take ownership of an area, spawn partnerships with aggregators of properties, services & experiences in their area, ensure that these are interfaced with us, ensure that guest experiences are monitored and anticipated problems dealt with promptly and efficiently.

Please fill out the form below, and we will call you. 

TEXT BOX


PRESS KIT
Our Intro powerpoint?

Media Coverage:
YourStory

For press related queries, please contact info@stayology.com
HELP

For Guests or For Partners

Guest
Account
Payment
Using Stayology
Listing with Stayology
Events and Enquiries
Business Travel

Partners
Payment 
Sign up with Stayology
Integrating with Stayology
Account
Using Stayology
Events and Enquiries

Guest > Account
Creating an account
How do I sign up? 
Click here to sign up, using your email address, or use your Facebook, Google or Twitter account
Managing my account
How do I manage my account?
Click here or account on your sidebar to manage your account
Transaction History
Where can I see my past transactions?
All your previous transaction history is stored under Account History, which you can access by clicking here
Security	
How do I change my password?
You can change your account security settings here 

Guest > Payment
Paying for a booking
How can I pay?
You can pay using any credit or debit cards, or through your wallet
Where do I select a payment method?
Before confirming your booking, tap the payment option icon to select and confirm payment details
I was charged incorrectly, what do I do?
You can find the breakdown of your total amount by selecting the specific booking under Account, and tapping Receipt. You can also see the amount breakdown in the receipt sent to your email address. If you believe your total was charged incorrectly, please contact our Customer Service by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to help you.


Guest > Using Stayology
Help me with my Current booking
My service provider is late? What do I do?
Our apologies! We recommend you to contact your service provider directly; you can find the provider’s contact details in your online booking confirmation. Your confirmation email will also have this information, and you can see it under Manage Booking as well. The Stayology mobile app also includes this information. If you do not hear from your service provider within 24 hours, please contact our Customer Service by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to help you.
I’m late for my order. What do I do?
Our host partners’ cancellation policies vary, so please check your confirmation email for details in terms of lateness. 
I want to cancel my booking? What do I do?
Cancelling your booking is easy. You can cancel or change your booking via our site ‘Stayology.com’ or our mobile app. Please, remember to check the provider’s cancellation policy before making any changes to your booking. Non-refundable rooms and other special deals can have a different cancellation policy. Room specific cancellation information is included beside the room type under the ‘Conditions’ column.
Where can I find the contact information for the service provider?
If you have a question for a provider before you book, please see the information under the policies and facilities of that provider on our website. If you do not find your answer there, please contact Customer Service by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to ask on your behalf.
Once you have booked, you can see the provider’s contact details in your online booking confirmation. Your confirmation email will also have this information, and you can see it under Manage Booking as well. The Stayology mobile app also includes this information.

Help me with this cool technology
How to book a place to stay?
Booking a stay couldn’t be simpler! 
You can Pinch the map to go to where you want to be: Use our navigation enabled map to zoom in to your area of interest, and select from stay options in the area. 
If you want to search by destination, click the SEARCH ICON and enter your place of choice
Or, click “Stay” on our Mobile App or website to be directed to a traditional browsing experience. 
How to book a service?
Know what you want? Enter it directly in the search!
Click “Search” on our Mobile App or website to be directed to a traditional search experience. 
Describe option to browse all services in a city
How to book an experience?
Our geolocation-enabled app makes it easy for you to see experiences near your place of stay - you can Pinch the map to go to where you want to be and select from experience options around you
Click “Search” on our Mobile App or website to be directed to a traditional search experience. 
Describe option to browse all services in a city
How to suggest a place to stay, a service or an experience?
Insert details about social sharing
I’m stuck and don’t know what to do next! Call me back!
Please contact our Customer Service team by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to help you. We will respond to all enquiries within 24 hours. 

Guest > Listing with Stayology
Help me with listing
How do I list an accommodation, service, or experience?
Please click on any of the following links to be redirected to our relevant listing pages
Do you have an Accommodation to Let (click to Sign up)
Do you have a Service to Offer (click to signup)
Do you have an Experience to Share (Click to signup)

Guest > Events and Enquiries
Attending Events
What events do you organize?
We try to bring our community together across the world, and organize meetups frequently. To receive details, please sign up for our newsletter here. 
Making enquiries
How do I contact you?
Please contact Stayology Customer Service team by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to help you. We will respond to all enquiries within 24 hours. 

Guest > Business Travel
Stayology for Business (StayologyBiz)
What is Stayology for Business?
Our StayologyBiz program helps organize all your company’s travel needs. We provide businesses with affordable stays for employees, with a central dashboard that keeps track of all expenses and receipts
How does account management work?
With a StayologyBiz account, you can enable employee access and monitor activity. Employees can use a central payment account or request reimbursement for stays, services, or experiences related to business.
How do I sign up for StayologyBiz?
To enroll in StayologyBiz, please fill out the form here and a representative will get back to you within 24 hours
Does StayologyBiz offer a corporate rate or benefits/discounts?
Your StayologyBiz representative will craft the best package for you depending on booking volume and transaction history. 
Host > Payment
Help me with my transactions
Help me with receiving payments?
When and how will I receive my revenues?
Help me with cancellations & refunds?
What is the refund policy?
Problem with a service?
Register a complaint about a provider
Request a call back
Please contact our Customer Service team by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to help you. We will respond to all enquiries within 24 hours. 


Host > Sign up with Stayology
Creating an account
How do I sign up? 
Click here to sign up, using your email address, or use your Facebook, Google or Twitter account
Listing with Stayology
How do I list an accommodation, service, or experience?
Please click on any of the following links to be redirected to our relevant listing pages
Do you have an Accommodation to Let (click to Sign up)
Do you have a Service to Offer (click to signup)
Do you have an Experience to Share (Click to signup)

Host > Integrating with Stayology
Partner API Integrations for Aggregators
How do I integrate my platform with Stayology?
If you’re an aggregator of stays, services, or experiences looking to integrate with us, please contact us at integrations@stayology.com and we’ll get back to you asap
Benefits of Integrating
Why should I integrate with Stayology?
We’re striving to build the world’s largest marketplace for stays, services and experiences. With inventory spanning 14,000 cities, our community will provide increased visibility for your listings, and an opportunity for you to increase revenues through our mobile and web channels

Host > Account
Managing my account
How do I manage my account?
Click here or “My Account” on your sidebar to manage your account
Transaction History
Where can I see a list of all bookings made with me?
All your previous booking information is stored under Account History, which you can access by clicking here

Host > Using Stayology
Life after Listing
What do I do after I list?
Once you’ve listed with us, all you need to do is review and accept bookings when they come in, and ensure that inventory and availability management is in order
We will notify you of all booking creation and changes via email, and you can track the latest status in your account dashboard

Host > Events and Enquiries
Attending Events
What events do you organize?
We try to bring our host community together across the world, and organize meetups frequently to learn about each other’s experiences and best practices. To receive details, please sign up for our mailing list here. 
Making enquiries
How do I contact you?
Please contact Stayology Customer Service team by filling out this simple form, and we will be happy to help you. We will respond to all enquiries within 24 hours. 


About Stayology (small blurb on the left hand bottom)

Stayology is a unified platform and global marketplace for you to Go Hyper-Local. Go local with stays, services around those stays, and enrich yourself with local experiences. 

Legalese – Terms  & Privacy
{SENT TO RAKESH}






















Discover

Stayology is THE only app you’ll need. Find a place to stay for a night or a year, discover local experiences, share them with friends and colleagues, and stay connected with the Local. That’s what we want you to do. And that’s how we’ve designed ourselves for you.

Stay Wherever
Simply listed. High on realism. Easy to sort. Map based search (on app). Pinch the map to go to where you want to be. Stay a bit, and move to the next place. No tenancy, no deposits –search, click, stay.

Curated Listings
Each listing is 100% verified. What you see is what you get. Honest reviews help improve rankings, but they all start out in their categories based on the value they will provide to the guest. 

Transparent Pricing
Pricing is always given upfront! You will know the total cost before you press Pay. There are no surprises, and no extras beyond what is to be paid on the app is ever expected of you. Of course, tipping is optional!

Cashless Transactions
Its simple – Select and Click-to-pay. Your wallet, credit cards, and net banking credentials are in-app and you can pay without the hassle of worrying about change or travelling with cash.

Locally Relevant
Imagine your company sending you to the back alleys of Sheffield – where do you go out at night? Who do you hang out with? What are the sights? Even the Loneliest Planet cannot suggest the best local experience that is up to your standards. At Stayology, we will curate every local experience, every local listing, every relevant experience that we would want you to live through and share with the rest of the community.

Verified Guests
Your place is our place. Our guests will be your guests.We all worry about who is staying in our private space. For starters, we aren’t renting rooms out, or futons, or beanbags. We will rent your space to ONE verified guest. ONE person, who’s credit card is with us, ONE person who is responsible if anything goes wrong, and a digital verification of the identity of whoever is coming to stay with you. So don’t worry! 

Download here











App Features

Are you ready to Go Local Globally? Click to explore the simple steps to get you started, and see how you may benefit from our multi-platform mobile technology that makes exploring the world and its experiences possible within a few easy swipes.

Seek
Map search yourself to find a place that is most relevant to you – near a museum, near an event, near work, on the river, or just wherever you want. Then search your local bar, restaurant, theater, event or whatever is happening around your place of stay

Select
Sort by our conveniently designed categories of Smart, Cool & Lux or Select your service of choice (want movie tickets? A beer delivered? Forgot your toothpaste? Or just want milk!)

One Click Pay
Click Pay and it’s done! Your confirmation is instant for accommodations or any service you choose. 

Hands-free Open Sesame
Open the door to your accommodation with your smartphone or smartwatch using our cool technology. We hope the government lets you pay using this technology soon!

Record
Your “doings” will be recorded in sequence of event – almost like a journal! So you can come back and easily locate the number of the elephant mahout who took you on a safari with ease.

Share
Hey, where do I stay in Nairobi? This is where it gets amazing! Share events or share parts of it with your friends. Use our social connect to get people to Go Local

Download here


















Integrations & Partnerships Page

Do you have an accommodation to let? Do you own a Service? Laundry? Restaurant? Theater? Horse-drawn Carriage? Looking to be a host and list accommodation, your hyperlocal service, or your amazing experience? We’d love to partner with you - please click on the relevant link below, fill out the form, and we’ll get back to you with next steps. 

Do you have an Accommodation to Let (click to Sign up)
Do you have a Service to Offer (click to signup)
Do you have an Experience to Share (Click to signup)

If you’re an aggregator of any of the above looking to integrate with us, please contact us at integrations@stayology.com and we’ll get back to you asap. 

Accommodation to Let
Got a place to list? Our only caveat – it’s got to be the whole place!
(Drop Down menus for options)

Steps for Listing: Select type of accommodation, identify location, add details about the space, select mode of payment, start accepting bookings and earning! 

Step 1:
Is it a:
House
Apartment
Villa
Boat
Treehouse
Island
Parking Space
Tent
Camper Van
Loft

{We do not list shared spaces at this time}

Step 2:
Where is your property located?
Don’t worry, we will only share address of your space when a confirmed reservation is made and on the day before the arrival

{Address Box to enter address}
{Map Opens} – please choose the location based on the broad address above

Step 3:

Let’s get a little more detail about your {SPACE}:

Maximum Guests
Bedrooms
{If 3 bedrooms, then option to upload 3 pictures}
Beds
Bathrooms
{if 3 bathrooms, then option to upload 3 pictures}

What else do you have inside the {SPACE}:
Living Room
Dining Room
Kitchen
Balcony
TV Room
Bar

{Each option has the option to upload 1 picture each}

Breakfast Provided in rate?
Complimentary Tea & Coffee?
Espresso machine?
Minibar? (What do you provide in it)
Smoking Allowed
Pets Allowed
TV
DVD
Cable TV
Internet
Wireless Internet
Air Conditioning
Heating
Elevator in Building
Handicap Accessible
Pool
Kitchen
Free parking on premise
Doorman
Gym
Hot Tub
Indoor Fireplace
Buzzer/Wireless Intercom
Family/Kid Friendly
Suitable for Events
Washer
Dryer
House Help {Tippable?}

What other facilities your {Building/Neighborhood} have that the guest can use?

{Options – within community, within walking distance, a short walk away}

Gym
Spa
Pool
Squash Court
Tennis Court
Convenience Store
Restaurant
Bar 
Mall {Name closest mall – this searches link to the mall or location map}
Metro Station {Name Metro Stop}
Zoo
Beach
Lake
Boating
Others?
{Write in detail}

BY NOW THE LOCATION AND ALL DETAILS TO THE SPACE SHOULD BE IN OUR SYSTEM

Step 4:

How do we pay you?

So, we need to know you, before we can pay you:
Your name:
Your telephone number:
Your email address:

Upload documents:
ID {Government Approved}
PAN number:
Proof of ownership of the property:

Payment Options:

1. Wire Transfer:
Bank Account Details
{Swift, Bank Account Details, Name, Address etc}
Upload a cancelled cheque of the bank:

2. Western Union {3rd party charges will apply}

3. By Cheque:
Name and Address of whom to send the cheque to

Some Admin Stuff:
Where does the guest pick up their keys from? Will you be available at the property?


AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

{20% flat fee on reservations will be retained by SSTPL. Service Tax and applicable government taxes will be deducted and then the amount sent upon the completion of the first day of the guests stay. We urge you to insure your property, as SSTPL is not responsible for damages or missing items caused due to guests or otherwise. and then we are good to go. After a verification process, which normally takes 2 working days, we will enable the listing}

Service to Offer
Open up your services to the Stayology community, wherever you are
(Drop Down menus for options)

Steps for Listing: Describe your service, identify location, select mode of payment, start accepting bookings and earning! 

Step 1:
Please help us learn a little bit about your {Service}:

Title: This is the first thing users will see!

Select Type of Service you offer:
Food and Beverages
Grocery
Essentials
Transportation
Housekeeping 
Laundry
Beauty and Wellness
Business Services
Emergency

Description: Please share some details about your service so that guests can learn more about what you can offer.

Upload up to 5 photos

Step 2:
Where is your service located?

{Address Box to enter address}
{Map Opens} – please choose the location based on the broad address above

Delivery option available? Delivery radius? Free Delivery?

BY NOW THE LOCATION AND ALL DETAILS TO THE EXPERIENCE SHOULD BE IN OUR SYSTEM

Step 3:
How do we pay you?

So, we need to know you, before we can pay you:
Your name:
Your telephone number:
Your email address:

Upload documents:
ID {Government Approved}
PAN number:
Proof of ownership of the property:

Payment Options:

1. Wire Transfer:
Bank Account Details
{Swift, Bank Account Details, Name, Address etc}
Upload a cancelled cheque of the bank:

2. Western Union {3rd party charges will apply}

3. By Cheque:
Name and Address of whom to send the cheque to

Some Admin Stuff:
Contact number for guests?


AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

{A percentage fee on transactions will be retained by Stayology. All local taxes are the responsibility of the provider. SSTPL is not responsible for damages or missing items caused due to guests or otherwise. and then we are good to go. After a verification process, which normally takes 2 working days, we will enable the listing}

























Experience to Offer
Do you want to share your passion with our community? Here’s your chance! 
(Drop Down menus for options)

Steps for Listing: Describe your experience, identify location, select mode of payment, start accepting bookings and earning! 

Step 1:
Please help us learn a little bit about your {experience}:

Title: This is the first thing users will see!

Select Type of Experience:
Adventure & Outdoors
Relaxation
Romantic
Sightseeing
Meet the Locals
Unique Escapades
Food
Shows
Movies
Arts & Culture
Shopping
Volunteering
Nightlife
Good for Groups
Things to Do with Kids


Description: Please share some details about your experience so that guests can visualize the experience. Please include an itinerary as appropriate. What will guests see/do/experience? Some FAQs from guests also include timings, and whether it will be a large group tour/experience or a private booking.

Upload up to 5 photos

Duration: 

Step 2:
Where is your experience located?

{Address Box to enter address}
{Map Opens} – please choose the location based on the broad address above

Meeting Point: {Address Box to enter address} or select {Hotel Pick Up}
If address entered, {Map Opens} – please choose the location based on the broad address above

BY NOW THE LOCATION AND ALL DETAILS TO THE EXPERIENCE SHOULD BE IN OUR SYSTEM

Step 3:
How do we pay you?

So, we need to know you, before we can pay you:
Your name:
Your telephone number:
Your email address:

Upload documents:
ID {Government Approved}
PAN number:
Proof of ownership of the property:

Payment Options:

1. Wire Transfer:
Bank Account Details
{Swift, Bank Account Details, Name, Address etc}
Upload a cancelled cheque of the bank:

2. Western Union {3rd party charges will apply}

3. By Cheque:
Name and Address of whom to send the cheque to

Some Admin Stuff:
Contact number for guests?


AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

{20% flat fee on bookings will be retained by SSTPL. Service Tax and applicable government taxes will be deducted and then the amount sent upon the completion of the first day of the guests stay. SSTPL is not responsible for damages or missing items caused due to guests or otherwise. and then we are good to go. After a verification process, which normally takes 2 working days, we will enable the listing}


















SIDE BAR

HOME

LOGIN/SIGN-UP

{Upload picture}

Email address
Password
{Forgot password}

{If ID not used before}
Re-enter password

Name 
Mobile number

Identity Verification (Browse all you want, but you must upload this just before you can transact!)
Upload passport to verify your identity

Link to Facebook/Google {if linked, this doesn’t show up again}

{Once logged in, you’re always in, until you logout manually}

MY BOOKINGS

{Current/Next Booking shows up upfront}

Current Bookings
Past Bookings

WALLET

Credit Cards
Goody Bag
Wallet
Stripe 
Paypal

MY LISTINGS

CURRENT BOOKINGS

MY STAYS
Manage/delete


MY SERVICES
Manage/Delete


MY EXPERIENCES
Manage/Delete





Sharing

Stays
Services
Experiences

When you click Sharing, it opens a page about the Sharing Economy
Then you have 3 tabs for Stays, Services, Experiences
In each, we will have some writing about how/why to share stays, services, experiences, and then the ability to list a stay, service, experience



Main Page

SPLASH

A new way to explore, list, stay, pay for, and share your experiences in alternate accommodations globally. A new way to live without owning, to rent without the hassle, to experience the un-listed, to pay without the cash, to go local. A new language for social living, a new language for local experiences, a new sociology - WELCOME TO STAYOLOGY

A New World, Just a Click Away: Welcome to your new world. A world of exploring, going local, living, and sharing. 

Awe – Inspiring Properties Listed
104356

Wonderful Partners Joined
60

Incredible Experiences Served
100

CUSTOMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE (should this be main page or within stays?)

To make life simple for you, we have pre-sorted global accommodations by price into SMART, COOL and LUX. You would agree that price is a function of location + amenities, so click on these three categories to explore what is your comfort zone

Experience Smart

{explore Smart} 

Experience Cool

{explore cool}

Experience Lux

{explore lux}


Pending items:
Main page - what stays what doesn’t 
FAQs for payments / other flow related questions (post seeing app flow)
Sharing details
Side bar
Issues on Content and Presentation
Stay - Everywhere, anytime, curated stay options

Services - A variety of services are available to you 24/7, regardless of where you stay

Experiences - Experience the Local: sights, sounds, smells, taste and thrills near your stay
2 Versions to define Stayology
One Liner Desc
Stayology is a unified platform and global marketplace for you to Go Hyper-Local. Go local with stays, services around those stays, and enrich yourself with local experiences. 


Long Description
Stayology is a new way to explore and experience the world. Stayology is a new way to stay without strings, to experience without the hassle, to pay without the cash, to go local yet get quality, to wander and seek out experiences at the click of a button instantly. We are a curated and verified marketplace for accommodation, services, & experience providers, powered by one app globally.




























Stay

Smart 	Cool 	Lux
Type of property?


Services (LIST VIEW)

Food and Beverages	Grocery		Essentials Transportation		Housekeeping 		Laundry Beauty and Wellness	Other		


Each click opens a sub category in the main body:

Food and Beverages > 
Tabs open up under “location/date search” for 
Dining Out        Ordering In

Dining Out > Cuisines Pop Up	
	Quick bite	Indian	South Indian	Oriental	International 	Beverages
{Choose Cuisine}
Restaurant Options with Menu and distance per restaurant
    Top 10 dishes on the menu per click
	Menu has price and quantity
	Click to call the restaurant / make a reservation

Ordering In >	Cuisines Pop Up	
	Quick bite	Indian	South Indian	Oriental	International 	Beverages
{Choose Cuisine}	
Restaurant Options with Menu and delivery time per restaurant
	Top 10 dishes on the menu per click
	Menu has price and quantity
	Click to order

Grocery > 
Tabs open up under “location/date search” for 
Fruits/Vegetables                 Groceries/Staples	          Bread, Dairy, Eggs
Beverages                            Branded Food	          Personal Care
Household	                Gourmet	          Meat
{Choose Category}	
Item Options with prices
	Top 10 most ordered items per category
	List has price and quantity toggle
	Click to order
Upon click>	Time/day calendar pops up with price

Essentials >
Tabs open up under “location/date search” for 
What are you missing?
Toiletries	Sanitation               First Aid                   Health/Wellness
{Choose Category}	
Item Options with prices
	Top 10 most ordered items per category
	List has price and quantity toggle
	Click to order
Upon click>	Time/day calendar pops up with price

Transportation >
Integration with Dubai Taxi/Hailo/Ola/Uber?

Housekeeping >
Tabs open up under “location/date search” for 
Cleaning	Bath Linen	Maintenance
Upon click>	Time calendar for the day pops up with price

Laundry >
Tabs open up under “location/date search” for 
Shirt	Tshirt	Pants/Jeans	Suit	Kurta/Pyjama Sari	Underwear
Upon click>	Wash	Dry Clean	Iron
	{Number dropdown per item and auto price}
Upon further click> Pickup time pops up	
{We will only offer EXPRESS same day service}

Beauty and Wellness >
Tabs open up under “location/date search” for 
Spa	Massage	        Haircare               
{Choose Option}
Provider Options with description and distance from current location
    Click to call the provider / make a reservation

Other > Couldn’t find what you need? Don’t worry, please provide a short description of what you’re looking for, and we’ll get back to you. We’re here to help you! (Include text box)


Experiences
Adventure & Outdoors	Relaxation	         Romantic			Sightseeing		Meet the Locals         Unique Escapades	Food	     	Arts & Culture	         Shows 		
Movies		Shopping	         Volunteering	         Nightlife

Within each category, display relevant experience options
Home Page content and curated lists for 

Stays
Services - is the current view how the content should be presented

Exp

Curated List for Stays - take 1 from each tier

Tier 1 
London 
Edinburgh
New York
San Francisco
Chicago
Los Angeles

Tier 2
Paris
Istanbul
Prague
Milan
Berlin
Florence
Rome 
Madrid

Tier 3
Jaipur
Agra
Munich
Colombo
Tokyo
Kyoto
Kuala Lampur
Singapore

Tier 4
Bangkok
Beijing
Shanghai
Yangon
Bali 
Jakarta
Hong Kong
Sydney

Tier 5
Rio De Janeiro
Buenos Aires
Lima
Caracas
Bogota
Santiago
Montevideo
Sao Paulo

Tier 6
Amman
Muscat
Doha
Dubai
Abu Dhabi
Cape Town
Johannesburg
Nairobi


